# Training Centre: Security Defense Force Part 29
# Wireless Broadcasting Technology
The budol-budol/carnapper/<b>manloloko</b>/cybercriminal/Teroristang Komunista group<br/> 
misuses wireless broadcasting technology to cause Noise Pollution with Physical Injury.<br/>
<br/>
<b>Recommended Reading:</b><br/>
[securityDefenseForcePart27NoisePollution.md](https://github.com/usbong/documentation/blob/master/Usbong/company/HR/Usbong%20Education%20Training%20Courses/Training%20Centre:%20Security%20Defense%20Force/NotesFolder/securityDefenseForcePart27NoisePollution.md)
<br/>
<b>Reminder:</b> In addition to SOUND, there exists Visual stimulation.<br/>
<br/>
verified: technology to be over 10years old due to technique reused in the Year 2008, while SYSON, MICHAEL B. was Overseas Filipino Worker (OFW) to Tokyo, Japan<br/>
<br/>
identified: inside workplace's Global Office Unit, telephone network misused to cause visual stimulation, e.g. stepping of vehicle pedal motion.<br/>
<br/>
verified: technique reused in Central Park, New York City, while SYSON, MICHAEL B.<br/> 
was with Dr. SYSON, PEDRO, et al;<br/> 
<b>visual stimulation:</b> getting money out of wallet<br/>
<br/>
identified: Teroristang Komunista group to be repeatedly misusing telephone number of Dr. SYSON, PEDRO (GLOBE Post-paid SIM Card), et cetera via unauthorized access to a duplicate number<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reminder:</b> SYSON, MICHAEL B. uses SMART Prepaid Cards; sometimes set to NON-ROAMING, i.e. NO International Network Access.<br/>
<br/>
observed: magnetic pulse from nearby mobile telephone used to cause the Visual Stimulation<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reminder:</b> There exists "phosphene", i.e. a sensation of a light of flash in the absence of actual light stimulation to the eye<br/>
<br/>
<b>Reference:</b> https://dictionary.apa.org/phosphene; last accessed: 20211207<br/>
<table>
  <tr>
  <td>
    <b>
    phosphene
    n. a sensation of a light flash (as in “seeing stars”) in the absence of actual light stimulation to the eye. It may occur with the eyes closed and can be caused by mechanical stimulation of the retina, by rubbing the eyes, or by direct stimulation of the visual cortex. Also called visual phosphene. See also photopsia.
    </b>
  </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br/>
--> observed: even visually impaired/blind people CAN receive visual stimulation<br/>
<br/>
<b>Recommended Reading:</b><br/>
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0042698909000467;<br/>
last accessed: 20211207<br/>
--> visual prosthesis<br/>
<br/>

### Magnetophosphene

https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8503242/keywords#keywords;<br/>
last accessed: 20211207<br/>
<br/>
"The aim of the article is to present the magnetophosphenes phenomenon occurring on the human retina of a person under the influence of a low frequency magnetic field..."<br/>
<br/>
--<br/>
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/250233319_Comparison_of_Current_Densities_in_Retina_Estimated_by_Experimental_Data_on_Magnetophosphene_and_Electrophosphene;<br/>
last accessed: 20211207<br/>
<br/>
"Magnetophosphene, a light sensation perceived when a human head or visual system is exposed to an ELF magnetic field with enough intensity, is considered to be a sensation caused by activity of the stimulated retina..."<br/>
<br/>
--<br/>
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/51238967_An_electric_field_induced_in_the_retina_and_brain_at_threshold_magnetic_flux_density_causing_magnetophosphenes;<br/>
last accessed: 20211207<br/>
<br/>
"For magnetic field exposures at extremely low frequencies, the electrostimulatory response with the lowest threshold is the magnetophosphene, a response that corresponds to an adult exposed to a 20 Hz magnetic field of nominally 8.14 mT..." <br/>
<br/>
https://journals.lww.com/optvissci/Abstract/1991/06000/Magnetostimulation_of_Vision__Direct_Noninvasive.4.aspx<br/>
last accessed: 20211208<br/>
<br/>
"The history of magnetophosphenes and their closely related predecessor, electrophosphenes, is described from the mid-18th century to the present time. The current era of magnetic stimulation started in 1985 with the development of a practical capacitor-discharge electromagnetic stimulator by Barker and his colleagues at the University of Sheffield, and their application of it to the brain with Merton and Morton at the National Hospital, London. The safety of magnetostimulation of the brain is discussed as well as the advantages of magnetostimulation over electrostimulation. Principles of magnetostimulation of nerves and magnetic measurement are considered. Effects on motor and sensory systems of the brain are described including magnetic perceptual suppression in the visual cortex and other pioneering work of Amassian, Cracco and Maccabee at SUNY Health, Brooklyn. Magnetophosphenes from retinal and cortical magnetostimulation are distinguished. <b>Now that visual cortical stimulation is possible with the strong magnetic pulses generated by capacitor-discharge instruments, the functional viability of the visual cortex may be tested directly and noninvasively.</b>"<br/>
<b>Year:</b> 1991-06

### electrostimulation

https://ir.lib.uwo.ca/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=7970&context=etd;<br/>
last accessed: 20211207<br/>
<br/>
"The  current  IEEE-ICES  recommendations  were  developed  with  respect  to  short  term 
effects associated with electrostimulation. Exposure limits are designed to protect against 
short term reactions, including: painful stimulation of sensory or motor neurons, muscle 
excitation, alteration of synaptic activity in the brain, cardiac excitation, or adverse effects 
associated with induced potentials (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc. & 
IEEE, 2002)."<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
TO-DO: -update: this<br/>
